(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(sphere beeping)
(wings flapping)
[Devimon] I hear it.
[T.K. and Patamon] Huh?
[Devimon] My friend.
[T.K. and Patamon] Huh!
(tense music)
My dear old friend.
Devimon?
What are you doing here?
I hear it.
The sound.
[T.K.] Sound?
The sound that once
drove the world mad
and gave me form.
The sound that ignited my soul.
(T.K. and Patamon gasping)
All will vanish.
Hope, even despair.
All will fade into
the white void.
A silent destruction.
The Great Catastrophe.
The Great Catastrophe?
[Devimon] It cannot
be stopped by anyone.
We'll stop it,
and that's a promise!
Hmm.
(Devimon chuckling)
[Devimon] Of course you will.
Let me see you try,
my dear old friend.
(Devimon laughing maniacally)
(T.K. and Patamon
breathing loudly)
(Komondomon barking)
(train whistle blowing)
(Trailmon rumbling)
(Komondomon howling)
(Trailmon clacking)
[T.K. and Patamon] Huh?
(T.K. and Patamon gasping)
[T.K.] Kari!
[Patamon] Gatomon!
(gentle music)
[Narrator] In order to
prevent the Great Catastrophe,
the Digi-Destined
have sought to uncover
the mystery of the crests.
And they have all reached
the same conclusion.
Each of us has gained something
from the places where
the Digivices led us.
Now the path to overcoming
the Great Catastrophe
should soon become clear.
Therefore, it's important that
we reunite with the others
as soon as possible.
[Kari] Tai's group is headed
toward Wisemon's place too.
Oh.
Hmm?
Is something wrong?
Huh?
Oh, I was just thinking
about a weird dream I had.
That's funny, I had
a weird dream too.
-Huh?
-Hmm.
I see.
Well, if this warning
is indeed true,
then Devimon was connected to
the Great Catastrophe as well.
Maybe.
Devimon was driven by a force
even more powerful than he was.
(all gasping)
Devimon was studying
digivolution
in order to achieve
a great power
and defy the laws of nature.
But instead of that-
Hmm.
Spun out of control
into utter madness.
It led to destruction.
Destruction?
And, afterwards, the system
born from that process
was repurposed by Vademon
to revive Millenniummon.
You mean the black lightning?
Yes, Millenniummon.
Moved neither by
ambition nor power.
An existence who desired
only destruction.
If we hadn't stopped
Millenniummon,
the whole world, it
would've been destroyed,
without a doubt.
I remember Wisemon
saying that Millenniummon
might have been part of
the Great Catastrophe.
Yes, then the
ancient war as well,
which sparked
Millenniummon's creation.
I'm starting to think what
started that war was...
Hmm.
(Digivice beeping)
(all gasping)
[Izzy] This is Izzy.
Do you copy?
I just got an emergency
call from Garbagemon.
(Komondomon barking)
[Wisemon] We are currently
under heavy attack.
[Garbagemon] It looks to be
a huge swarm of Soundbirdmon.
[Izzy] Soundbirdmon?
Again?
[Garbagemon] We can't
handle them all.
We need help.
[Izzy] Understood.
We'll rush over at full speed.
[T.K.] Us too!
(Digimon screaming)
[Wisemon] Everyone evacuate
and head underground where
the sound cannot reach.
I can hardly think
with all this noise!
But we've got to keep sane
or will lose all our
precious knowledge.
Yes, Nanomon was
caught off guard,
but as long as we stay alert...
(laser beaming)
(exploding sound)
(footsteps thudding)
[Garbagemon]
Mekanorimon? (shuddering)
I see.
The sound has a strong
effect on Machine Digimon.
This brings joy to my knowledge.
Now it's not the
time! (shuddering)
(Garbagemon grunting)
(Junk Chunker firing)
(suspenseful music)
(Mekanorimon clunking)
There, why don't you guys just
stay like that for a while?
(Garbagemon gasping)
(Garbagemon shuddering)
(suspenseful music)
(Mekanorimon exploding)
(Mekanorimon thudding)
Are you all right, Garbagemon?
Uh-huh!
[Gatomon] What is
happening here?
[Garbagemon] I don't
know, but whatever it is,
it just started happening
all of a sudden.
(wings flapping)
Soundbirdmon.
I had always assumed they
were minions of Devimon.
[Wisemon] Hmm?
They're headed toward the
monoliths bearing the crests!
(Garbagemon grunting)
First Burpmon, and
now this! (shuddering)
(Mekanorimon clunking)
[Gatomon] Oh no, not again!
(radar beaming)
[Garbagemon] Searchmon?
Ingenious.
[Wisemon] I see.
Radio waves can
intercept the sound.
Let Searchmon and me
handle things here.
You've got to get over there
and protect the monoliths.
Thanks, we'll do that.
All right, everyone.
Let's hurry.
(all grunting)
(suspenseful music)
[Pegasusmon] T.K.,
the sound that once
drove the world mad.
Hmm.
Could this be the sound that
Devimon was talking about?
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
(all screaming)
(air whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
[Wisemon] They are
unifying bits of data
and controlling them.
Such enormous power.
(footsteps thudding)
(Garbagemon screaming)
[MetalGreymon] Giga Blaster!
(Digimon exploding)
[Kari] Tai, MetalGreymon!
Sorry, we're late.
The others are right behind us.
(suspenseful music)
Woohoo!
(Searchmon beeping)
[Izzy] Everybody
holding up all right?
[WereGarurumon]
That was close, huh?
[Kabuterimon] Good
work, Searchmon.
We're not done yet.
(suspenseful music)
(radar beaming)
Meteor Wing!
(meteor firing)
(suspenseful music)
Palmon digivolve to...
Togemon!
Needle Spray!
(thorns shooting)
Gomamon digivolve to...
Ikkakumon!
Everyone's here.
Harpoon Torpedo!
(torpedo shooting)
(torpedo exploding)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps thudding)
[Gatomon] Thank goodness
this place wasn't damaged.
(monoliths beaming)
Hmm?
I've never seen
them do this before.
(monoliths beaming)
(footsteps pattering)
They are resonating
with the children.
We must gather all of
them here immediately.
(monitor beeping)
Hmm?
Wisemon, the Soundbirdmon
are suddenly acting strange.
(Sora gasping)
(suspenseful music)
(wings flapping)
(Tai gasping)
[T.K.] The Soundbirmon,
they're all clumping together.
I don't believe it.
Could that be...
(Soundbirdmon chirping)
(all gasping)
(dramatic music)
(suspenseful music)
(bright music)
(dramatic music)
That Digimon...
We've seen that one before,
in that old footage
of the ancient war.
Yes, the one who leads
the Dark Digimon,
the king of darkness, Ghoulmon.
(Ghoulmon screeching)
(all screaming)
Ghoulmon.
The records state that the
war between light and darkness
began with Ghoulmon's attacks.
Ghoulmon tried to
destroy the darkness,
despite belonging to it.
That remains a mystery.
However, if Ghoulmon's existence
was an omen of the
Great Catastrophe,
if Ghoulmon is the
face of the disaster
that drives the world mad...
(laser beam firing)
(all crying)
(dramatic music)
(sphere beeping)
(Ghoulmon's eye beeping)
(wall crashing)
(all gasping)
(laser beam firing)
(Tai gasping)
(dramatic music)
(Leomon grunting)
(radar beaming)
(dramatic music)
Is this the Great Catastrophe
that the children spoke of?
Is there a threat
closing in on us
that may prove even more
terrible than Millenniummon?
Is the world coming to an end?
(dramatic music)
(radar beaming)
No, that will never happen.
Never!
The Digi-Destined
will not allow it.
We know we can count on them.
(dramatic music)
You are our light,
Digi-Destined.
(dramatic music)
(Digivice beeping)
Our only hope.
(Digivices beeping)
(dramatic music)
[Wisemon] Of course.
Now I see.
Here in this Digital World,
the children's
reliability and sincerity
have allowed them
to form lasting
friendships with Digimon.
The Digi-Destined saved
us with knowledge,
and nurtured us with
courage and love.
Above all, they
have kindled hope.
In other words, it
is they themselves,
their entire adventure,
that is the answer to
the crests' mystery.
Where there is light,
there is also shadow.
As light and darkness exist,
so must order and harmony.
Great Catastrophe,
you whose evil could
deceive even darkness,
tremble before
our light of hope.
Angewomon!
Yes, Kari!
MagnaAngemon!
I am with you, T.K.
MagnaAngemon digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Seraphimon!
Angewomon digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
(javelin whooshing)
Ophanimon!
(Wisemon gasping)
Seraphimon and Ophanimon!
The Celestial Digimon
from the ancient war!
(all gasping)
(Ghoulmon growling)
(laser beam firing)
(singing in Japanese)
We have been entrusted with
the hopes of many Digimon.
This digivolution is a
light brought forth by all.
(Ghoulmon grunting)
(singing in Japanese)
(laser beam firing)
Seven Heavens!
(singing in Japanese)
(lasers crashing)
(T.K. grunting)
(laser beams exploding)
(singing in Japanese)
(spheres of light firing)
(Kari grunting)
(singing in Japanese)
Eden's Javelin!
(light beam firing)
(all cheering)
(Ghoulmon crackling)
[Negamon] I am...
I am the first cry.
The first cry sent
by the catastrophe.
I will echo afar.
When I end my cry,
-it will begin.
-Begin.
[Negamon] Begin.
And so begins the
Great Catastrophe.
(sphere crackling)
(sphere exploding)
[Devimon] Negamon.
[T.K.] Matt!
[Matt] You did it.
Not too shabby.
We saw you digivolve.
It was amazing.
Oh, thanks!
Gee, whiz.
You really saved our necks.
Digi-Destined,
this reunion brings great
joy to my knowledge.
How about that?
Wisemon's joyful.
(all laughing)
But, wait a second,
so what happens now?
Yeah, I suppose this
isn't the end of it.
That would be too much to ask.
Hmm.
Has anyone else noticed the
crests have started to shine
brighter and brighter?
Huh?
(all gasping)
(Tai gasping)
(gentle music)
(Tai grunting)
[Agumon] Tai, you good?
[Biyomon] Sora? Sora?
What is it?
What happened?
Whoa!
(Garbagemon gasping)
Huh?
Hey, what happened
to the monoliths?
It appears they've
vanished altogether.
Like, poof!
(Tai gasping)
(exploding sound)
(gentle music)
[Wisemon] Could those be
cracks in the dimension?
[Palmon] There's nothing
on the other side.
[Agumon] It's completely blank.
[T.K.] Blank.
All will vanish.
Hope, even despair.
All will fade into
the white void.
[Patamon] The white void.
(gentle music)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Seraphimon.
This Mega Digimon digivolves
from MagnaAngemon.
Seraphimon is said to
be the highest being,
the one who governs
all Celestial Digimon.
[Patamon] Now,
let's check me out!
[Izzy] Patamon!
[Patamon] Even if
my armor is heavy,
I work hard to stay afloat!
I have 10 wings, so
my body's super busy!
[Izzy] Way to go, Patamon!
(bright music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] The true form
of the Great Catastrophe
is revealed at last by Argomon.
[Tai] Next time: "The Great
Catastrophe, Negamon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.